all right we are standing in the
elevator at the Shore Club condominiums
in Fort Lauderdale Florida and do I have
something of its name but something very
interesting to say it's down on a lobby
it is on raining very very horribly and
I'll show you what I mean here in just a
second it's been raining all night long
yes look at the water out there the
water is literally all the way out there
they're to the game
it's any other expected a bit out of a
flush I mean it is pretty bad I mean my
whole hand goes under if you're giving a
second to dry off I'll say what I really
wanted to show you
security cam
cetera
skin HIV
this is what I came to show you ready
yep
listen to that
why your service because
it's flooding the pit is falling
the door trap is really what I think
there's a leak in the roof for its
falling in from the garage in fact you
know huh I didn't think about let's go
take a look at the parking garage and
see what that looks like because I've
been down there yet I let me go back and
show you the buttons I thought it was
pretty neat I mean it sucks because
that's going to be a costly fix but see
they have a at a serious light on it's
at a service and then they have wire
service turned on now we are going to
walk down hey there to the basement and
see what's going on down there I don't
know if it's flooded at basement floods
pretty badly
surprise this one hasn't received a
flooding yet but
pool lysis liquid I said on his
this thing especially if it's under
yeah look at this
yep forget this this is wrong look at
this this is completely insane
look I am walking through water right
now because this garage is completely
flooded it's crazy
you can see it like right here it's dry
it it's kind of on a high point the
drains are working but say they should
have invested I guess we could take a
little walk around I really shouldn't be
walking with electrical it's I think
it's I'm walking very carefully I don't
want to ruin these shoes
it's a hundred seventy five disclosure
crazy this is called a candy cart
special you know what it's
getting really it's getting really deep
you know what it might be dry back here
you're not it's deep
I'm just surprised my socks on
we can stand on him look at this what's
up - opera yeah you can see
where the martyr is going into the
elevator pit this courage this is very
crazy I've never seen anything like this
before
oh this really sucks holy look at the
water pouring in that water is just
streaming in this is amazing not in a
good look at that
sorry for the shape them doing this
one-handed its moments before this now
see they design this one smart they put
this on an incline so I guess with the
magnitude velocity the only moments it's
not I said you might this one might
survive and I think just being able on
that incline that helps it and they're
smoking never notice it hit a Red Cross
and I'm excited like bar feet oh oh that
might be why there isn't that but that's
only here that difficulty flooding and
it's only time before it but for because
apparently I'm very Padma you just ended
yep and it's it might have stopped
turning but it looks like there's not a
strong card on its way and stuff
sister wait and see so I'll be on tour
this bikini cart special and that's it